{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0  
\f1\b Reproductive Cycle & Natural Conception:
\f0\b0 \
  1. Menstrual Cycle Overview\
  2. Ovulation\
  3. Fertilization\
  4. Implantation\
\
  
\f1\b Referral & Initial Consultation:
\f0\b0 \
  5. Referral to a Fertility Center\
  6. Initial Consult\
\
  
\f1\b Male Reproductive Biology - Anatomy:
\f0\b0 \
  7. Spermatogenesis\
  8. Testes\
  9. Sertoli Cells\
  10. Leydig Cells\
  11. Epididymis\
  12. Vas Deferens\
  13. Sperm\
  14. Semen\
  15. Prostate Gland (appears twice)\
  16. Bulbourethral (Cowper's) Glands\
\
  
\f1\b Male Reproductive Biology - Hormones:
\f0\b0 \
  17. Testosterone\
  18. Gonadotropin-Releasing Hormone (GnRH) in Males\
  19. Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) in Males\
  20. Luteinizing Hormone (LH) in Males\
  21. Inhibin B\
\
  
\f1\b Male Infertility:
\f0\b0 \
  22. Azoospermia\
  23. Non-Obstructive Azoospermia\
  24. Obstructive Azoospermia\
  25. Oligospermia\
  26. Teratozoospermia\
  27. Varicocele\
  28. Retrograde Ejaculation\
  29. Congenital Bilateral Absence of the Vas Deferens (CBAVD)\
  30. Klinefelter Syndrome\
  31. Jacob's Syndrome (47,XYY)\
  32. Y Chromosome Microdeletion\
  33. Vasectomy\
  34. Ejaculatory Dysfunction\
  35. Prostatitis\
  36. Undescended Testes (Cryptorchidism)\
  37. Hypogonadism\
\
  
\f1\b Male Infertility Testing:
\f0\b0 \
  38. Infectious Disease Screening (Male)\
  39. Semen Analysis\
  40. Sperm DNA Fragmentation Testing\
  41. Sperm Preparation (Density Gradient / Swim-Up)\
  42. Microfluidic Sperm Selection\
\
  
\f1\b Female Reproductive Biology - Anatomy:
\f0\b0 \
  43. Ovaries\
  44. Fallopian Tubes\
  45. Uterus\
  46. Endometrium\
  47. Cervix\
  48. Vagina\
  49. Follicle\
  50. Oocyte (Egg Cell)\
\
  
\f1\b Female Reproductive Biology - Hormones:
\f0\b0 \
  51. Estrogen in Females\
  52. Progesterone in Females\
  53. Gonadotropin-Releasing Hormone (GnRH) in Females\
  54. Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) in Females\
  55. Luteinizing Hormone (LH) in Females\
  56. Anti-Mullerian Hormone (AMH)\
  57. Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)\
  58. Prolactin\
\
  
\f1\b Female Infertility:
\f0\b0 \
  59. Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)\
  60. Advanced Maternal Age (AMA)\
  61. Anovulation\
  62. Diminished Ovarian Reserve (DOR)\
  63. Premature Ovarian Insufficiency (POI)\
  64. Endometriosis\
  65. Tubal Factor Infertility\
  66. Uterine Fibroids\
  67. Thin Endometrium\
  68. Adenomyosis\
  69. Asherman's Syndrome\
  70. Mullerian Anomalies\
  71. Amenorrhea\
  72. Oligoamenorrhea\
  73. Thyroid Disorders\
  74. Hyperprolactinemia\
  75. Fragile X Premutation Carrier\
  76. Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS)\
  77. Turner Syndrome\
  78. Uterine Polyps\
\
  
\f1\b Female Infertility Testing:
\f0\b0 \
  79. Infectious Disease Screening (Female)\
  80. Anti-Mullerian Hormone (AMH) Test\
  81. Antral Follicle Count (AFC) Ultrasound\
  82. Estradiol (E2) Blood Test\
  83. Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) Test\
  84. Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Test\
  85. Progesterone Test\
  86. Hysterosalpingogram (HSG)\
  87. Saline Infusion Sonohysterography (SIS)\
\
  
\f1\b Lifestyle & Environmental Factors:
\f0\b0 \
  88. Stress & Fertility\
  89. Body Weight & Fertility (Underweight, Overweight, Obesity)\
  90. Nutrition & Fertility\
  91. Exercise & Fertility\
  92. Smoking & Fertility\
  93. Alcohol Use & Fertility\
  94. Recreational Drugs & Fertility\
  95. Occupational Hazards (Chemicals, Radiation)\
\
  
\f1\b Fertility Medications:
\f0\b0 \
  96. Clomiphene Citrate (Clomid/Serophene)\
  97. Letrozole (Femara)\
  98. Gonadotropins (FSH, hMG)\
  99. GnRH Agonists\
  100. GnRH Antagonists\
  101. Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Trigger\
  102. Progesterone (Luteal Phase Support)\
\
  
\f1\b Ovarian Hyperstimulation:
\f0\b0 \
  103. Ovarian Stimulation\
  104. Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome (OHSS)\
  105. Cycle Protocol Selection (Natural vs Stimulated)\
  106. Clomiphene Citrate Protocol\
  107. Estradiol (E2) Priming Protocol\
  108. Agonist/Antagonist Conversion Protocol\
  109. GnRH Agonist Protocol\
  110. GnRH Antagonist Protocol\
  111. GnRH Antagonist with OCP Pretreatment\
  112. Minimal Stimulation (Mini-IVF) Protocol\
  113. Ovulation Trigger (hCG/GnRH Agonist)\
\
  
\f1\b Procedures:
\f0\b0 \
  114. Oocyte Pickup (OPU)\
  115. OPU Drug - Fentanyl\
  116. OPU Drug - Midazolam\
\
  
\f1\b Assisted Reproductive Technology:
\f0\b0 \
  117. In Vitro Fertilization (IVF)\
  118. Donor Sperm IVF\
  119. Donor Egg IVF\
  120. Fertilization - Conventional Insemination\
  121. Fertilization - Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI)\
  122. Intrauterine Insemination (IUI)\
  123. In Vitro Maturation (IVM)\
\
  
\f1\b Sperm Retrieval:
\f0\b0 \
  124. Sperm Retrieval Techniques\
  125. Testicular Sperm Extraction (TESE/micro-TESE)\
  126. Percutaneous Epididymal Sperm Aspiration (PESA)\
\
  
\f1\b Third-Party Reproduction:
\f0\b0 \
  127. Donor Selection & Counseling\
  128. Legal & Ethics in Third-Party Reproduction\
  129. Surrogacy (Gestational Carrier)\
\
  
\f1\b Embryology:
\f0\b0 \
  130. Zygote\
  131. Zona Pellucida\
  132. Embryo\
  133. 2-Cell Embryo\
  134. 4-Cell Embryo\
  135. Morula\
  136. Blastocyst\
  137. Hatching Blastocyst\
  138. Blastocyst - Inner Cell Mass (ICM)\
  139. Blastocyst - Trophectoderm (TE)\
  140. Corpus Luteum\
  141. Blastocyst Culture\
  142. Embryo Grading\
  143. Time-Lapse Embryo Imaging\
\
  
\f1\b Genetic Testing:
\f0\b0 \
  144. Chromosomes and Genes\
  145. Embryo Biopsy Techniques\
  146. PGT-Complete\
  147. Preimplantation Genetic Testing for Aneuploidy (PGT-A)\
  148. Preimplantation Genetic Testing for Monogenic Disorders (PGT-M)\
  149. Preimplantation Genetic Testing for Structural Rearrangements (PGT-SR)\
  150. PGT-Polygenic\
  151. Aneuploid Embryo\
  152. Euploid Embryo\
  153. High-Level Mosaic Embryo\
  154. Low-Level Mosaic Embryo\
  155. No Result / Inconclusive\
  156. Non-Invasive PGT (niPGT)\
  157. Genetic Counseling\
\
  
\f1\b Embryo Transfer:
\f0\b0 \
  158. Assisted Hatching\
  159. Endometrial Preparation for FET\
  160. Fresh Embryo Transfer - Day Two or Three (Cleavage Stage)\
  161. Fresh Embryo Transfer - Day Five (Blastocyst Stage)\
  162. Frozen Embryo Transfer (FET)\
  163. Embryo Selection Strategy\
  164. Serum hCG Pregnancy Test & Follow-up\
\
  
\f1\b Fertility Preservation:
\f0\b0 \
  165. Sperm Cryopreservation\
  166. Embryo Cryopreservation\
  167. Oocyte Cryopreservation (Egg Freezing)\
  168. Ovarian Tissue Cryopreservation\
  169. Ovarian Tissue Transplantation\
  170. Testicular Tissue Cryopreservation\
  171. Prepubertal Fertility Preservation\
  172. Clinical Use of Banked Sperm\
  173. Before Autoimmune Disease Treatments\
  174. Before Cancer Treatment (Oncofertility)\
  175. Before Chemotherapy or Radiation for Non-Cancer Conditions\
  176. Before Gender-Affirming Hormone Therapy or Surgery\
  177. Before Organ Transplantation\
  178. Fertility Preservation in Adolescents\
\
  
\f1\b Pregnancy Loss:
\f0\b0 \
  179. Antiphospholipid Antibody Syndrome\
  180. Causes of RPL\
  181. Early Miscarriage\
  182. Emotional Impact & Support\
  183. Miscarriage Workup & Testing\
  184. Recurrent Pregnancy Loss (RPL)\
  185. Thrombophilia & Pregnancy Loss\
\
  
\f1\b Additional Topics:
\f0\b0 \
  186. Endometrial Receptivity Testing (ERA)\
  187. Insurance Coverage for Fertility Treatment\
  188. Cost-Effectiveness of Different Treatments\
  189. Fertility Treatment Financing Options\
  190. International Treatment Options}